chore(form-system): convert docs and demos to updated storybook (#456)
ing-bank/lion: packages/form-system/stories/03-formatting.stories.mdx

import { Story, Meta, html } from '@open-wc/demoing-storybook';
import '@lion/input/lion-input.js';
import { Unparseable } from '@lion/validate';
import './helper-wc/h-output.js';

<Meta title="Form Fundaments/Formatting and Parsing" />

# Formatting and Parsing

> > For our demos here, we always use `<lion-input>` which is a basic extension of `<lion-field>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For demo purposes, below we use `<lion-input>` which is a basic extension of `<lion-field>`.
```

Reviewer 2: 👍

> > Almost all fields share the same functionality as `<lion-input>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For demo purposes, below we use `<lion-input>` which is a basic extension of `<lion-field>`.
```
